feat: [CDS-87714]: Add Docs for GitEx support for environment and Infrastructure Definition (#4783)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/git-experience/manage-environments-infra-definitions.md

6. In **Git Connector**, select or create a Git connector to the repo for your project.​ For steps, go to [Code Repo Connectors](/docs/category/code-repo-connectors).
7. In **Repository**, select your repository. If your repository isn't listed, enter its name. Create the repository in Git before entering it in **Select Repository**. Harness does not create the repository for you.
8. In **Git Branch**, select your branch. If your branch isn't listed, enter its name. Create the branch in your repository before entering it in **Git Branch**. Harness does not create the branch for you.
9. Select the branch where you want to save your Environment. You generally want to save it to the default branch on the first save. You can then create different branches in the Harness repo if you want to create different versions of your environment. 
![](./static/branch-switching-environment.png)
10. Harness Git Experience auto-populates the **YAML Path**. You can change this path and the file name.
11. Select **Save**.
12. Click on the YAML path provided (the one highlighted under the rectangular box), it will take you GitHub file where the environment is stored.
![](./static/yaml_path.png)

> ##  Create Remote infrastructure definition
> 1. After saving the above settings, environment configuration will open up, click on **Infrastructure Definition**.
> 2. Select **+ New Infrastructure Definition**.
> ![](./static/infra_Def1.png)
> (You can select either of the two options to create an Infrastructure Definition)
> 3. In **Name** enter name for the infrastructure definition.
> 4. Select **Remote**
> 5. It will auto populate the connector, repository and branch as well as the YAML Path. The auto-population of the connector,branch and repository is based on your environment configuration, specifically extracted from the Git repository where you've stored your environment details.You can change the connector as well as the branch.
> 6. Select the **Deployment Type**, **Infrastructure Type** and provide **Cluster Details**.To know more about Infrastructure Definition refer [Infrastructure Definition](/docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/environments/create-environments.md) .
> 7. Click on **Save**.
> 8. Select **More Options** (&vellip;) as shown in the image below and click on **Edit**.
> ![](./static/infra_def_edit.png)
> 8. By clicking on the **Edit** Infrastructure Details option, you can view the relevant information by following the link highlighted in the image below, contained within a rectangular box. This link will direct you to the GitHub file where the infrastructure definition is stored.
> ![](./static/infra_def_2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##  Create a remote infrastructure definition

1. In the remote environment, select **Infrastructure Definition**.
2. Select **New Infrastructure Definition**. 
3. In **Name** enter name for the infrastructure definition.
4. In **How do you want to set up your infrastructure**, select **Remote**.
5. Harness will automatically populate the connector, repository, branch, and YAML path. The autopopulation of the connector, branch, and repository is based on the environment configuration, specifically extracted from the Git repository where you've stored your environment details. You can change the connector as well as the branch.
6. Select the **Deployment Type**, **Infrastructure Type**, and then provide infra details. For more information, go to [Create environments](/docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/environments/create-environments) .
7. Select **Save**.
8. For the new infrastructure definition, select **More Options** (&vellip;) and then select **Edit**.
![](./static/infra_def_edit.png)
8. Click the YAML path to view your Infrastructure Definition YAML file in your Git repo.
![](./static/infra_def_2.png)
```

> ### Add remote environment in a CD pipeline
> After creating the environment, you have the option to utilize it in your Continuous Delivery (CD) pipeline directly. Alternatively, you also have the flexibility to establish a remote environment within your pipeline as needed.
> 1. Go to stage settings, and then select **Environment**.
> ![](./static/env_pipeline_remote.png)
> 2. Under **Specify Environment** select the environment if already created. If the environment doesn't exist, create it by selecting **+ New Environment** and following the steps to [Create Remote Environment](#create-remote-environment).
> ![](./static/specify_env_remote.png)
> 3. When setting up your pipeline, you have the ability to choose a specific branch to determine the version of the environment you wish to utilize in your pipeline.
> ![](./static/env_branch_switching_remote.png)
> :::note
> By default it will pick up the branch of the pipeline where the environment is getting added.
> :::
> 4. Click **Apply Selected**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add a remote environment in a CD pipeline

Adding a remote environment in a CD pipeline stage is no different than adding an inline environment.

When adding a remote environment to the stage, you have the ability to choose a specific branch to determine the version of the environment you wish to utilize in your pipeline.

![](./static/env_branch_switching_remote.png)

```

> ## Moving inline environment configuration to Git
> 1. Select **Environment**.
> 2. Select **More Options** (&vellip;) as shown in the image below.
> ![](./static/env_move_to_git.png)
> 3. Select **Move to Git**.
> It will pop up the similar settings as shown above in [Create Remote Environment](#create-remote-environment) section for storing environment configuration in Git.
> 
> ## Moving inline infrastructure definition to Git.
> 1. Select **Environment** and select the specific environment for which you want to migrate the infrastructure definition to Git.
> 2. Select **Infrastructure Definition** and click **More Options** (&vellip;) as shown in the image below.
> ![](./static/infra_move_git.png)
> 3. Select **Move to Git**.
> It will pop up the similar settings as shown above in [Create Remote Infrastructure Definition](#create-remote-infrastructure-definition) section for storing infrasturcture definition configuration in Git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Change an inline environment to a remote environment

1. In **Environments**, locate the environment you want to change.
2. Select **More Options** (&vellip;).
3. Select **Move to Git**.

The same settings used when creating a remote environment appear. Configure the settings just as you would for a new remote environment.

## Change an inline infrastructure definition to a remote infrastructure definition

1. Select an environment, and then select the infrastructure definition you want to store in your Git repo.
2. Select **More Options** (&vellip;).
![](./static/infra_move_git.png)
3. Select **Move to Git**.

The same settings used when creating a remote infrastructure definition appear. Configure the settings just as you would for a new remote infrastructure definition.
```
